Actions
=======
Actions
-------
Actions are categorized events that trigger changes to your state. Actions have a type and contain some kind of payload information. Once actions are dispatched, the Reducer figures out what to do with the action type and payload and updates the state accordingly.

To implement an action, we can use a simple JavaScript object that contains a type and a payload. The type attribute is used to identify the action and is usually a capitalized string. It is a common practice to separate out the action type into a const variable. The payload attribute is used to attach any type of data (string, number, object, etc.) to the action, but it is recommended to send as little data as possible to get the job done. The payload attribute can have any name or format as long as you reference it accordingly in the Reducer.

Action:
```javascript
const ADD_ITEM = 'ADD_ITEM' //const variable to hold action type

var action = {
  type: ADD_ITEM, //action type
  item: 'Apple' //payload
}
```

Action Creators
---------------
Action creators are simply functions that return actions. They are used so you don't have to type out the entire action object every time you want to dispatch an action.

Action Creator:
```javascript
const addItem = (item) => {
  return {
      type: ADD_TODO,
      item: item
  }
}

addItem('apple') // this creates an action object
```

Dispatching Actions
-------------------
To dispatch an action, simply use Redux's store.dispatch(action) method.
```javascript
store.dispatch(addItem('apple'))
```
However, we can't dispatch actions without having a store yet. More information on this will be provided in later chapters.

