BrowserRouter
=============
The BrowserRouter component is a wrapper component that allows all of the other React Router components to work. The BrowserRouter component can only have one child element. There are other types of Router components but the BrowserRouter component is the main router we will be using in this course. We can import the BrowserRouter component with:

```javascript
import {BrowserRouter} from "react-router-dom"
```

We can reference the BrowserRouter component using the <BrowserRouter> tag:
```javascript
const BasicExample = () => {
  <BrowserRouter>
    <div> //A Router can only have one child element, so make sure everything goes in the div
       //other React Router components go here
    </div>
  </BrowserRouter>
}
```

Route
=====
The Route component is probably the most important component out of the ReactRouter library. It is used to render a specific component when a sepcified URL path occurs. We can import the Route component with:
```javascript
import { Route } from "react-router-dom"
```
We can reference the Route component using the ```<Route>``` tag. There are three main ways we can render a component using the Route component. Take a lool at them below:
```javascript
//rendering using a component
<Route path="/about" component={About}/>

//rendering using an inline function
<Route path="/about" render={() => <div>About</div>}/>

//always rendering, regardless of whether the path matches the URL
<Route path="/about" children={() => <div>Always redered</div>}/>
```

All of the three render methods have a ```path``` property that is used to define the path that the component will render on. Be sure to use only one render method per Route component and also be sure to use the Route component inside a BrowserRouter component. Lastly, the Route component will pass a few route properties down to the rendered component, regardless of thich method was used.

Path
====
The ```path``` property is used to define the URL path that the component will render on. A Route component with no ```path``` property will always trigger a match and render. Matches are determined by doing a regex comparison between the URL path and the ```path``` property pattern. However, since it uses a regex match, it is possible for a match to occur even if the URL and the path pattern don't match exactly.

For example if the URL path is “/about/123” then both of the routes shown below will still render because "/about/123" contains both “/” and "/about":
```javascript
const App = () => (
  <div>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <div>
        <Route path="/" render={(props) => <div>Home</div>}/> //A URL path of "/about/123" matches becuase "/about/123" contains "/"
        <Route path="/about" render={(props) => <div>About</div>}/> //A URL path of "/about/123" matches because "/about/123" contains "/about"
      </div>
    </BrowserRouter>
  </div>
);
```

Exact
=====
To account for this, be sure to add the ```exact``` property if you only want a route to render on an exact match. Trailing slashes on the URL don't factor in to the matching.
```javascript
<Route exact path="/" render={(props) => <div>Home</div>}/> // "only a URL path of "/" will match
```

Strict
======
Use the ```strict``` property when you want trailing slashes to factor in to the matching.
```javascirpt
<Route strict path="/about" render={(props) => <div>About</div>}/> // A URL path of "/about" matches but "/about/" doesn't match
```

Render Methods
==============
Render method: component
------------------------
The ```component``` property is used to render a component that is already defined. Do not try to provide an inline function to the component property, as this would inefficiently cause a new component to be created every time the route renders. If you want to use an inline function, provide it to the render property instead.
```javascript
const About = (props) => (
  <div>
    About
  </div>
)

const App = () => (
  <div>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <Route path="/about" component = {About}/>
    </BrowserRouter>
  </div>
);
```
Render method:render
-------------------
The ```render``` property is used to render an inline function.
```javascript
const App = () => (
  <div>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <Route path="/about" render={(props) => <div>About</div>}/>
    </BrowserRouter>
  </div>
);
```
Render method: children
-----------------------
The ```children``` property is used when you always need something rendered, regardless of whether or not the current URL matches the specified path. You may be wondering why we need to use a Route component to accomplish this since we can do the same thing using a normal component. The reason is because the Route component passes a few route properties down to the rendered function, which could in the component rendering logic.
```javascript
const App = () => (
  <div>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <Route path="/about" children={(props) => <div>Always Rendered</div>}/>
    </BrowserRouter>
  </div>
);
```
