Redirects
=========
Redirect
--------
The Redirect component will navigate the page to a specified location when rendered.

We can import the Redirect component with:
```javascript
import { Redirect } from 'react-router-dom'
```

We can reference the Redirect component using the ```<Redirect>``` tag.
```javascript
<Redirect to="/login"/> 
```

Redirect from Routes
--------------------
Redirect components are often used inside Route components. When the Route is matched, there is often logic that triggers the Redirect component. If you directly render a Redirect component outside of a Route component, it will just navigate the page away immediately.
```javascript
var validUser = false

const ValidateUser = () => {
    if(validUser){
        return <div>Welcome User</div>
    }
    else{
        return <Redirect to="/error"/>
    }
}

const Login = () => {
    validUser = true
    return <div>Logged In</div> 
}

const Error = () => {
    return <div>Please Log In</div> 
}
<Route exact path="/user" render={ValidateUser}/>
<Route exact path="/error" render={Error}/>
<Route exact path="/login" render={Login}/>
```

Redirect from Switches
----------------------
Redirects can also be used inside Switches. To use a Redirect within a Switch component, add a ```from``` property to the Redirect component. The Switch component will render the first component that matches, whether it is a Route or a Redirect. The ```from``` property can be only used with Redirects that are within Switch components.
```javascript
<Switch>
  <Route path='/user' component={User}/>
  <Redirect exact from='/' to='/user'/>
  <Redirect from='/oldPageURL' to ='/newPageURL'/>
  <Route component={DefaultPage}/>

</Switch>
```

Push
----
The Redirect component has a push attribute that will push the redirected URL onto the history stack instead of replacing the current one.
```javascript
<Redirect push to="/login"/>    
```

Exact
-----
Just like Route components, the Redirect component has an ```exact``` attribute. See the exact section in the Routers and Routes page for more details.

Strict
------
Just like Route components, the Redirect component has a strict attribute. See the strict section in the Routers and Routes page for more details.
